I was well soon as I warned you know the
first my first off with you know God he
it was him yes he was destined for me
because you know he pretty much picked
meaning as a winner because you know he
he's in control here Wow well most part
it was a extreme kinda like shock to me
kalica dream come true I first heard the
precious name initial instinct and like
brought my feet he went straight from
under me so the first thing I thought
was uh that was you know all the
hard-working all the times I've been up
there on that treadmill and put in at
Whole hours before working after working
and you know having a gold work and
times in the gym and
all the times I kneel and pray eating
you know it's just a whole bunch of
emotions going through my mind all at
one time yeah pretty much like there's
been about 10 days now it's probably
gonna be a while because I hadn't really
have a chance to experience being mr.
olympia but one more part you know it's
good just to say to myself and was good
right hey I'm gonna do mr. lim kium best
in the world not won the title so well
before the Huntington down dog to go you
know hun 10,000 bees been in like two or
three minutes so that's really not a
whole lot of money house is probably
what i'll probably end up spinning thats
own with you